:zap: sync_telegram: added the ability to send files (#265)
itpp-labs/sync-addons: sync_telegram/README.rst

With this module you can create a Telegram bot to communicate with people through Odoo.

> Also, the bot can create and fill in Odoo records based on Telegram user data (for example, his Name, Nickname, photo).

Reviewer: По смыслу можно еще подумать. Но по грамматике такое замечание
```suggestion
Also, the bot can create and fill in Odoo records based on Telegram user data (for example, their Name, Nickname, photo).
```
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Singular_they

> With this module you can create a Telegram bot to communicate with people through Odoo.
> 
> Also, the bot can create and fill in Odoo records based on Telegram user data (for example, their Name, Nickname, photo).
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this module you can create a Telegram bot to communicate with people through Odoo.

For each telegram user, the module creates a partner with corresponding information (name, nickname, avatar).
```
